cv.md, before:

# Curriculum Vitae

## Natalia Kindruk

### Contacts:

- **email**: veresk2n@mail.ru
- **tel**: +79324881907

### About myself:

I used to work as a teacher of English, as an interpreter in the sphere of aircraft maintenance, an HR specialist. At the moment I don't work because I have to stay at home with a little kid. I have always been interested in programming, even at school where we learnt Turbo Pascal. However, I considered this sphere too complicated for me, but really interesting. I hope to learn more about web-development and Front-End in _RSSchool_.

### Code example:

````function myFunction(login) {
    //напишите ниже ваш код
    if (login == "admin") {
        console.log("Администрирование, Операции, Статистика, Роли.");
    } else if (login == "support") {
        console.log("Операции, Статистика.");
    } else if (login == "user") {
        console.log("Статистика.");
    } else {console.log("Неверный логин")}}
    ```

````

Commit message:

docs: add work experience, education, lvl of English to cv file

cv.md, after:

# Curriculum Vitae

## Natalia Kindruk

### Contacts:

- **email**: veresk2n@mail.ru
- **tel**: +79324881907

### About myself:

I used to work as a teacher of English, as an interpreter in the sphere of aircraft maintenance, an HR specialist. At the moment I don't work because I have to stay at home with a little kid. I have always been interested in programming, even at school where we learnt Turbo Pascal. However, I considered this sphere too complicated for me, but really interesting. I hope to learn more about web-development and Front-End in _RSSchool_.

### Code example:

````function myFunction(login) {
    //напишите ниже ваш код
    if (login == "admin") {
        console.log("Администрирование, Операции, Статистика, Роли.");
    } else if (login == "support") {
        console.log("Операции, Статистика.");
    } else if (login == "user") {
        console.log("Статистика.");
    } else {console.log("Неверный логин")}}
    ```

### Work experience:
1. 2009-2012 _Private School of English_
2. 2012-2020 _Aircraft Maintenance Branch of Utair_

### Education and courses:
1. Tyumen State University  (English Teacher)
2. Web-technologies: basic level (Stepik school) – _in process_
3. (New) Responsive Web Design Certification/ JS Algorithms and Data Structures Certification (freecodecamp.org) – _in process_
4. CS50 (Harward, edx.org) – _in process_

### Level of English:
Upper-intermediate.


````
